docs(channels) messenger.md update (#4402)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/channels/messenger.md

### Messenger Module
Navigate to the `botpress-vxx\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists. 

### Create a Facebook App
To do this first log in to your Facebook account. Please make sure that this Facebook account has admin rights for the Facebook page you desire to connect the chatbot to.

Thereafter go to the [Facebook developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/), select "My Apps" from the top menu and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook developer documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)

### Create a Facebook Page
This step is only required if you do not already have a Facebook page to link your bot to. [Details on how to create a new Facebook page can be found here](https://www.facebook.com/pages/creation/).

Please note that if you are linking your chatbot to a pre-existing page, you are required to have an administrator or developer role on that page. Without such a priviledge, you will be unable to to link your Facebook app to your Facebook page.

### Create an HTTPS Endpoint to your bot

> Facebook only integrates its apps and services to secured endpoints. This means that you are mandatorily required to create such an endpoint to your chatbot. If your chatbot already has such an endpoint you can skip this step. However, below are two tutorials to help you create an https endpoint if you do not have one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Facebook only integrates its apps and services to secured endpoints. This means that your Botpress installation should mandatorily be secured over ssl. If that's already the case, you can skip this step. However, below are two tutorials to help you secure your environment whether locally or not.
```

## Requirements

> Messenger requires you to have a Facebook App and a Facebook Page to set up your chatbot connection to their platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Messenger requires you to have a Facebook App and a Facebook Page to set up your bot connection to their platform.
```

### Messenger Module

> Navigate to the `\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists. 

Reviewer 3: The user does not need to verify the `channel-messenger.tgz` archive exists, since it's included by default in Botpress. Installing is simply a matter of enabling the module

> Navigate to the `\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists 
```

> Navigate to the `\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable the Messenger channel module (Add link to section)
```

> ### Facebook App

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create a Facebook App
```

> Navigate to the `botpress-v12_16_2-win-x64\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `\modules` folder and check if the archive `channel-messenger.tgz` exists. 
```

> To fulfill this, log in to your Facebook account. Please ensure that this Facebook account has admin rights for the Facebook page to which you desire to connect the chatbot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a Facebook App, log in to your Facebook account and ensure you have admin rights for the Facebook page to which you want to connect the chatbot.
```

> Thereafter go to the [Facebook developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/), select "My Apps" from the top menu, and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook developer documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thereafter go to the [Facebook for Developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/), select "My Apps" from the top menu, and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook developer documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)
```

> Thereafter go to the [Facebook developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/), select "My Apps" from the top menu, and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook developer documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thereafter go to the [Facebook developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/), select "My Apps" from the top menu, and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook for Developers documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)
```

> ### Facebook Page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create a Facebook Page
```

> This step is only required if you do not already have a Facebook page to link your bot. [You can find details on how to create a new Facebook page here](https://www.facebook.com/pages/creation/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This step is only required if you do not already have a Facebook page to link your chatbot. [You can find details on how to create a new Facebook page here](https://www.facebook.com/pages/creation/).
```

Reviewer 2: Stick to "bot"

> Please note that if you link your chatbot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role on that page. Without such a privilege, you will be unable to link your Facebook app to your Facebook page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To link your chatbot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role.
```

### HTTPS Endpoint to your bot

> Facebook only integrates its apps and services to secured endpoints. This means that you are mandatorily required to create such an endpoint to your chatbot. If your chatbot already has such an endpoint, you can skip this step. However, below are two tutorials to help you create an HTTPS endpoint if you do not have one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Facebook only integrates its apps and services to secured endpoints. Below are two tutorials to help you create an HTTPS endpoint if you do not have one.
```

>   - Create an HTTPS tunnel to your machine using Ngrok. This tutorial works on pretty much any Operating System. [**Tutorial**](https://api.slack.com/tutorials/tunneling-with-ngrok)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Create an HTTPS tunnel to your machine using Ngrok. [**Tutorial**](https://api.slack.com/tutorials/tunneling-with-ngrok)
```

  - Using Nginx and Let's Encrypt. This tutorial is based on the Linux Ubuntu 16.04 Operating System. [**Tutorial**](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-secure-nginx-with-let-s-encrypt-on-ubuntu-16-04)

>   - Use Serveo to create an HTTPS tunnel to your machine. [**Tutorial**](https://medium.com/automationmaster/how-to-forward-my-local-port-to-public-using-serveo-4979f352a3bf)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Create an HTTPS tunnel to your machine using Serveo. [**Tutorial**](https://medium.com/automationmaster/how-to-forward-my-local-port-to-public-using-serveo-4979f352a3bf)  
```

Reviewer 2: Change the order of the last 2 options

## Setup

### Enable the Messenger Channel

You can do this by opening the file `data/global/botpress.config.json` in a text editor and setting the value to `true` as below. 

"`js
"modules": [
  ...
    {
      "location": "MODULES_ROOT/channel-messenger",
      "enabled": true
    },
```

### Get App Secret & Verify Token

#### App Secret
- Go to your Facebook App

> - In the left sidebar, expand the Settings menu and select Basic. Here you can find the App ID and  App Secret.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In the left sidebar, expand the Settings menu and select Basic. Here you can find the App ID and App Secret.
```

> - Click on the "Show" button in the "App Secret" text box. You can copy the "App Id" and "App Secret" to use for your Facebook API calls.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Click on the "Show" button in the "App Secret" text box. You can copy the "App ID" and "App Secret" to use for your Facebook API calls.
```

#### Verify Token
You can set a long string of your own making as a verify token or use a random string generator service like random.org to create a verify token.

## Configurations
The following configurations are required for the connection to be established to enable you to access your chatbot from your Facebook page. 

While the first three are mandatory, the last three configurations (greeting text, get started, and persistent menu) are not.

### Botpress HTTPS Endpoint 

> - Head over to `data/global/config/channel-messenger.json`. If it doesn't exist, restart Botpress Server.

Reviewer 3: I think we should rather instruct the user to modify the file through the Code Editor. I feel like most users will use the Code Editor to modify files, rather than head over to the `data/` directory on their local computer. This is even more true for deployments that use Postgresl as the file backend: they won't find the `data/` directory locally on their Botpress host server.

Author: Alright

- Set the following properties:
  - `appSecret`. You will find this value on your Facebook App page.
  - `verifyToken`. This is a random string you need to generate and keep secret. You'll need to copy/paste this token in the Facebook App portal when setting up your webhook.

> - Make sure you have an HTTPS URL pointing to your Botpress Server and set the `EXTERNAL_URL'environment variable as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have an HTTPS URL pointing to your Botpress Server and set the `EXTERNAL_URL` environment variable as follows:
```

## Requirements

> Messenger requires you to have a Facebook App and a Facebook Page to connect your bot to their platform.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Messenger requires you to have a Facebook App and a Facebook Page to connect your chatbot to their platform.
```

### Create a Facebook App

> To create a Facebook App, log in to your Facebook account and ensure you have admin rights for the Facebook page to which you want to connect your bot.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To create a Facebook App, log in to your Facebook account and ensure you have admin rights for the Facebook page to which you want to connect your chatbot.
```

After that, go to the [Facebook for Developers website](https://developers.facebook.com/), select "My Apps" from the top menu, and create a new app. For more details and assistance, visit the [Facebook developer documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/development)

### Create a Facebook Page
You require if you do not already have a Facebook page to link your chatbot. [You can find details on how to create a new Facebook page here](https://www.facebook.com/pages/creation/).

> To link your bot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To link your chatbot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role.
```

> To link your bot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To link your chatbot to a pre-existing page, you must have an administrator or developer role.
```

> ### HTTPS Endpoint to your bot

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### HTTPS Endpoint to your chatbot
```

Facebook only integrates its apps and services to secured endpoints. Below are tutorials to help you create an HTTPS endpoint if you do not have one:
  
  - Create an HTTPS tunnel to your machine using Ngrok. [**Tutorial**](https://api.slack.com/tutorials/tunneling-with-ngrok)
  - Using Nginx and Let's Encrypt. This tutorial bases on the Linux Ubuntu 16.04 Operating System. [**Tutorial**](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-secure-nginx-with-let-s-encrypt-on-ubuntu-16-04)
  - Create an HTTPS tunnel to your machine using Serveo. [**Tutorial**](https://medium.com/automationmaster/how-to-forward-my-local-port-to-public-using-serveo-4979f352a3bf)  

## Setup

### Enable the Messenger Channel

> You can do this by opening the file `data/global/botpress.config.json` in a text editor and setting the value to `true` as below. 

Author: Edited and added

httpServer.externalUrl` configuration variable to the complete hostname of your HTTPS endpoint, for example, `https://bot.botpress.com`. The resulting file should be as below:

```json
  {
  "$schema": "../botpress.config.schema.json",
  "httpServer": {
    "host": "localhost",
    "port": 3000,
    "backlog": 0,
    "bodyLimit": "10mb",
    "cors": {
      "enabled": true
    },
    "externalUrl": "https://bot.botpress.com",
```    
    - Restart Botpress Server to reload the configuration

### Individual Chatbot Configuration

Head over to `data/bots/<your_bot>/config/channel-messenger.json` (create the file if it doesn't exist). Insert the following json in the file.

 ```json
{
  "$schema": "../../assets/modules/channel-messenger/config.schema.json",
  "enabled": true,
  "accessToken": "<accessToken>"
}
```

After that, go to `data/bots/global/config/channel-messenger.json` and insert this json code.

```json
{
  "$schema": "../../assets/modules/channel-messenger/config.schema.json",
  "enabled": false,
  "appSecret": "<appSecret>",
  "verifyToken": "<verifyToken>",
  "persistentMenu": [],
  "chatUserAuthDuration": "24h",
  "disabledActions": []
}
```

> > **Important:** One bot is connected to **one** facebook page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> **Important:** One chatbot is connected to **one** facebook page.
```

You will need to set up the following properties:

- `accessToken` has to be set to your page access token. To obtain this token
  - Go to products in your Facebook App Dashboard's left sidebar.
  - Add Messenger; you should see it added to the left sidebar.
  - Select settings under the sidebar menu item.
  - Add a Facebook page you manage to your App.
  - You should see a generate token button. Click and copy that token to the json file.
- `enabled` has to be set to `true`
- `appSecret`. You will find this value on your Facebook App page.
  - Go to Settings then Basic. Click show and get your app secret.
- `verifyToken`. A secret random string. See the [webhook](#Facebook Webhook) section for details on how to configure your Webhook.

Read the [config definition file](https://github.com/botpress/botpress/blob/master/modules/channel-messenger/src/config.ts) to learn more about configurations.

> > All changes to the configuration will take effect on `onBotMount`. To refresh the at runtime, you can disable and enable the bot again without restarting the server.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> All changes to the configuration will take effect on `onBotMount`. To refresh the at runtime, you can disable and enable the chatbot again without restarting the server.
```

### Facebook Webhook

> Messenger will use a webhook that you'll need to register to communicate with your bot.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Messenger will use a webhook that you'll need to register to communicate with your chatbot.
```

1. In your Facebook app, go to Products > Messenger > Settings > Webhooks > Setup Webhooks
2. Under Callback URL, enter your secured public URL and make sure to point to the `/webhook` endpoint.
3. Paste your `verifyToken` (the random string you generated) in the Verify Token field.
4. Make sure you enable `messages` and `messaging_postbacks` in Subscription Fields.

> **⭐ Note**: When you set up your webhook, Messenger requires a **secured public** address. To test on localhost, we recommend using services like [pagekite](https://pagekite.net/), [ngrok](https://ngrok.com) or [tunnelme](https://localtunnel.github.io/www/) to expose your server.

### Greeting Text
```json

> "greeting": "Hello, I'm your bot!"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
"greeting": "Hello, I'm your chatbot!"
```

```

> Your bot's Messenger profile's greeting property allows you to specify the greeting message people will see on your bot's welcome screen. Your chatbot will display the welcome screen for people interacting with your chatbot for the first time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Your chatbot's Messenger profile's greeting property allows you to specify the greeting message people will see on your chatbot's welcome screen. Your chatbot will display the welcome screen for people interacting with your chatbot for the first time.
```

Read more about [greeting](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/reference/messenger-profile-api/greeting).

### Get Started
```json
"getStarted": "<GET_STARTED_PAYLOAD>"
```

The Get Started button will allow you to send a pro-active message to your chat with the user. The Page Messenger welcome screen displays this Get Started button. When clicked, this button the Messenger Platform will send a messaging_postbacks event to your webhook. You can also configure a greeting message after you add the "Get Started" button. 

Read more about [get started](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/reference/messenger-profile-api/get-started-button).

### Persistent Menu

> The persistent menu allows you to have an always-on user interface element inside Messenger conversations. It is an easy way to help people discover and access your Messenger bot's core functionality at any point in the conversation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The persistent menu allows you to have an always-on user interface element inside Messenger conversations. It is an easy way to help people discover and access your Messenger chatbot's core functionality at any point in the conversation.
```
